# 八下U4复习题                                                   
                      第四组

## 一：默写

### 短语

1.决定_______        2.需要被做_______         3.用……做某事____

4.获得成功________ 5.总共________          6.在……..的顶部____

7.谢天谢地________ 8与…..相称______

### 单词

1.符号______  2.步骤_______ 3.录制_________

4.友好的________ 5.显得________ 6.看来__________

7.详细的________

## 二. 词汇部分

**1. -Your trainers ______ colourful.**

-Yes, and they are popular among young people.

A. feel   B. smell   C. taste   D. look 


**2. -I think dragons are the ______of China. Do you think so?**
  
  -I agree with you.
  
  A. symbol   B. situation   C. promise   D. shape

**3. Football ______to our school subjects last year.**

  A. is added   B. adds   C. was added   D. added

**4. My family and I had a(an) ______trip in Shenzhen because of the typhoon and rain.**

  A. suitable   B. unpleasant   C. comfortable   D. longer river

**5. Be c________! There is a bus coming.**

**6. Let’s go this w________.**

**7. This is an important stage for you to be successful.**

  A. choice   B. step   C. instruction   D. experience
  

**8. Look out! Here comes a bus!**

  A. Be careful   B. Come on   C. Be quick   D. Keep quiet 

**9. We all want to know your thoughts about the plan and hope it can help us a lot.**

  A. permissions   B. introductions   C. tricks   D. opinions 

**10. Sara appears to have many friends.**

  A. wants   B. seems   C. likes   D. hopes

## 三：信息提问

1.你想知道TOM多久去打一次羽毛球

answer: ______________________________

2.你想问TINA最喜欢的电视节目是什么

answer:______________________________

## 四：词汇

1.think（名词）_________

2.basic（名词）_________

3.pleasant（名词）________

4.affect（名词）________

5.detail（形容词）________

6.actor（名词）______

## 五.词性转换（wonderful）

1.For some reasons, he ______(warning) Tim not to tell the truth just now.

2.Excuse me, I didn’t know what you _______ (think) yesterday.

3.--Would you like to dance with me?
--With ______ (pleasant).

4. --What do you think of the way to educate student?
   --Umm, I think it is very ______ (effect).
   
5. Traditional skills are the ______ (basic) of modern technology.

6. I can still remember his _____ (appear) though we haven't seen each other for a long time.

7. Can you describe this picture ______ (detailed)?

8. What a responsible ____ (actor) she is!

9. How many ______ (score) do they have?

10. It is said that the place is a _______ (mystery) island.

11. It thundered and lightened that ______ (storm) night.

12. He ran into a danger yesterday, so he shouted for help and ____ (wave).

13. The children sleep in _____ (separately) beds.


## 六．完形填空
One day ,while I was waiting for my turn in the doctor’s office, an elder couple came in.This husband had trouble______(breathe)and lookes as if he was in poor health. As they_____(check) in at the front desk, I heard the nurse asying,"_____ you are on Medicaid, you will have to give me another $1.5" _____ wife only had 50 cents.The woman and her husband both _____ (look) upset.The nurse said that the money aould need to be paid _____ they could see the docter. I was sitting not far away ______ the front desk.So I walked up ______ said that I would pay the remaining $1.They were so_____(thank) that they gave me many thanks.I aways thought $1 wasn't enough _____ (help) anymore , but I was reminded that day that ￥1 really can make a difference




## 答案:

### 1.

### 2.DACB; careful; way; BADB

### 3.

### 4.

### 5.
1.warned
2.thought
3.pleasure
4.effective
5.bases
6.appearance
7.in detail
8.actress
9.scores
10.mysterious
11.stormy
12.waved
13.separate
